README.md, before:


# Proof Crypto Fiat Prototype

This repository contains the prototype frontend for the Cryptodollar contracts and more generally the Proof AMP frontend

## Development and Testing Environment Setup

### Requirements:
- OSX or Linux (Windows setup is likely possible but not covered in this guide)
- Node (version 8.9.4 recommended)
- Solidity Compiler (version 0.4.18 or other)
- Ganache-cli (v6.0.3 or higher)


### Testing Environment Setup:

- Clone the repository and install dependencies

```
git clone https://github.com/ProofSuite/amp-frontend-prototype.git
cd amp-frontend-prototype
npm install
```

- If you are running a local chain, input the contract addresses in the config.js at the root of the repository

- Start the application

```
npm run start
```


## Contribution

Thank you for considering helping the Proof project !

To make the Proof project truely revolutionary, we need and accept contributions from anyone and are grateful even for the smallest fixes.

If you want to help Proof, please fork and setup the development environment of the appropriate repository.
In the case you want to submit substantial changes, please get in touch with our development team on our slack channel (slack.proofsuite.com) to
verify those modifications are in line with the general goal of the project and receive early feedback. Otherwise you are welcome to fix, commit and
send a pull request for the maintainers to review and merge into the main code base.

Please make sure your contributions adhere to our coding guidelines:

- Code must adhere as much as possible to standard conventions (DRY - Separation of concerns - Modular)
- Pull requests need to be based and opened against the master branch
- Commit messages should properly describe the code modified
- Ensure all tests are passing before submitting a pull request

## License

The Proof CryptoFiat smart contract (i.e. all code inside of the contracts and test directories) is licensed under the MIT License, also included in our repository in the
LICENSE file.

Commit message:

156998413_add_default_private_geth_chain_contract_addresses

README.md, after:

# AMP Frontend Prototype

This repository contains the prototype frontend for the Cryptodollar contracts and more generally the Proof AMP frontend. This repository does not represent in any way the product that will be released. The purpose of this repository is to provide the proof developers with the building blocks and primitives of a decentralized application.

## Development Environment Setup

### Requirements:
- OSX or Linux (Windows setup is likely possible but not covered in this guide)
- Node (version 8.9.4 recommended)
- Solidity Compiler (version 0.4.18 or other)
- Ganache-cli (v6.0.3 or higher)


### Application Setup

- Clone the repository and install dependencies

```
git clone https://github.com/ProofSuite/amp-frontend-prototype.git
cd amp-frontend-prototype
npm install
```


### Linking Smart Contracts

* The contract that will be linked to the frontend can be configured in the config.js file. For a fast development environment setup, you can use the cryptofiat-a branch of the [private geth chain](https://github.com/ProofSuite/private-geth-chain/tree/cryptofiat-a) repository on which smart-contracts have already been deployed. 
(The network ID corresponding to the)

* You can also use the [main branch](https://github.com/ProofSuite/private-geth-chain) and deploy contracts yourself by following the instructions on the [Proof Cryptofiat](https://github.com/ProofSuite/ProofCryptoFiat) repository. In that case you will have to modify the addresses in the [config.js](https://github.com/ProofSuite/amp-frontend-prototype/blob/master/config.js) file.

* Similarly if you wish to use the application with a network ID for which no contracts have been deployed yet, you can do so by deploying the contracts first and including their addresses with the corresponding network ID as a key on the [config.js](https://github.com/ProofSuite/amp-frontend-prototype/blob/master/config.js) file.


### Start the application

```
npm run start
```


## Contribution

Thank you for considering helping the Proof project!

To make the Proof project truely revolutionary, we need and accept contributions from anyone and are grateful even for the smallest fixes.

If you want to help Proof, please fork and setup the development environment of the appropriate repository.
In the case you want to submit substantial changes, please get in touch with our development team on our slack channel (slack.proofsuite.com) to
verify those modifications are in line with the general goal of the project and receive early feedback. Otherwise you are welcome to fix, commit and
send a pull request for the maintainers to review and merge into the main code base.

Please make sure your contributions adhere to our coding guidelines:

- Code must adhere as much as possible to standard conventions (DRY - Separation of concerns - Modular)
- Pull requests need to be based and opened against the master branch
- Commit messages should properly describe the code modified
- Ensure all tests are passing before submitting a pull request

## License

The Proof CryptoFiat smart contract (i.e. all code inside of the contracts and test directories) is licensed under the MIT License, also included in our repository in the
LICENSE file.
